hey we're here at movieclips of Alison
Haislip and David Coleman co-founder of
nerd machine with Zachary Levi and we're
going to be hanging out with them at
nerd HQ all throughout comic-con and
we're here to talk about comic book
movies good adventure Big Ten whole
thing's now seems to be comic book
movies there's a big blockbusters every
studio really seems to be scheduling all
the way up to the end the decade almost
done we know that we won't be bored
until summer 2021 exactly yeah Sony is
slating on the amazing spider-man movie
so 2018 so spoilery doesn't die in the
next movie and it's not a spoiler at
every there you go but it's kind of a
spoiler in every one of the movies
honestly yeah yeah you know don't let
argue not a spoiler yeah yeah Marvel
Cinematic Universe Marvel and Disney i
have now lined up new movies all the way
until 2018 as well yeah 2 4 2016 we
don't know what they are will maybe
discuss that and of course thoughts
might lose x-men because they're going
to be done with their bryan singer she's
a future pass so what we know is that
there will be no shortage okay it's
coming up it now here's the question I
have Marvel has a bunch of really good
movies the avengers is super fun I like
all the movies leading up to it did
really well now they have the kind of
gargantuan movie that is the Avengers
and they will be doing that DC has kind
of hit or miss they have Green Lantern's
under their belt bales things that are
not so great but they also have the dark
knight which is unanimously considered a
masterpiece so does that kind of Trump
what Marvel has in terms of having a lot
of good movies vs the one or two mass I
don't know i got it i think that
avengers one of the best things I've ya
seen in terms of summer it was fantastic
i love the humor and the action and the
story of every character being the
characters like Tony Stark was Tony
Stark it was really right now I think
Marvel movies is that even if they're
not perfect they're always fun yeah and
they don't do anything drastically
terrible yeah DC as you said except for
the the dark knight films has really
kind of missed the mark and not just
missed the mark the films themselves
aren't that enjoyable to watch yeah so
much for you answer even green lantern
which I thought was touching to be I
will take a shirtless Ryan Reynolds any
day of the week but that was even like
tough to get through yeah I even with
plate yeah the problem is in that movie
when you watch the trailer you go I
don't believe blake lively is a fighter
pilot you got no offense her she's great
and other things I mean not I'm just
saying like but she's not a fighter
pilot and you see those things you go oh
and then like some of the stuff they do
is so you know Green Lantern is a bad
dude like he can do awesome stuff but
instead of just stopping a hell if you
haven't seen it come on stopping a
helicopter with just stopping the
helicopter he creates a giant roller
coaster with this terrible car and
you're like what are you doing like that
is not yeah what you should that's how a
green manner would even so in the world
of Green Lantern like that's not even
the correct Greenland right that kyle
rayner might pull a move like that just
the graphic artists woman in the green
lantern when he creates like a
flamethrower or something like that and
then he shoots flame that is red like
regular flame-colored yeah we're like a
green Lander can only create green stuff
right so people comment and stuff coming
from the green stuff is still gonna be
great yeah the and then it just begs the
question he could just shoot the flames
I know I mean I don't know really I
don't want to really delve into this too
much no no I agree I agree this actually
gets speaking of comic book movies and
uh as a whole I am someone who if you
create this universe for me as long as
you stick to the rules of that universe
I will believe anything you throw at me
by love that you make the rules yeah
like shooting regular colored flame out
of Green Lantern's flamethrower you lose
me like that I completely another big
example that I always use
um in the amazing movie Wolverine uh
Wolverine Origins we're talking mad
x-men origins wolverine while considered
a pest writing um oh god it's another
Ryan Reynolds thing too when Deadpool
comes out at the end and it's not a
Deadpool by the way so is his mouth shut
whatever but I will completely believe
in a universe where you can shoot
adamantium spikes out of your hands what
I will not believe is that you can shoot
a katana out of your arm that is longer
than the light distance from your elbow
to your hand cuz where does it go we're
bestest by the way up here which means
you cannot bend your elbow yeah well
that's it but we have been walking
around like that but adhering to the
rules of your own mythology is sometimes
completely agree with it's actually
something that detracted me from wanting
to affirm being able to love the dark
knight rises as much as I wanted to I
was pretty describe a movie but for
example in that film I know I know how
did you get on the show I gotta go I
mean that's like it I immediate
dismissal audience pretty much same
movie that you do like real quick
hailing buddy came out this year nice
lighting that comment no that'll say
that'll save you yeah okay anyway darnet
rises what we worked for tonight we can
tell that uh Bruce Wayne is Batman from
staring at him once when he was a kid
right and Catwoman of course Selina Kyle
interacts with both Bruce Wayne and
Batman immediately back and forth back
forth and she can't tell anything that
makes her voice is different and true
well it makes me with sickness movie
you're either in a universe where you
can't that you're Batman or gonna make
it simpler that movie was if you just
fist fought a dude who broke her back
maybe you shouldn't go back and fist
fight him again maybe you should bring
something else in life yeah my biggest
problem of that movie is that it had to
end at some point ah but you make a good
point DC has had a lot of misfires so
much so that when talks of the Justice
League movie came around they were like
well of course they won't use that Green
Lantern they'll have to rewrite the
Green Lantern of course they were gonna
redo that with I mean that movie wasn't
just in talks that movie was in like a
sausage video like I mean there's some
guy like you know Adam Brody was like he
had a flash costume Armie Hammer was
that man I mean
there were guys who were like money was
spent yeah we're going to Australian
we're gonna shoot this movie and then
I'll said it was over and you're like
which is oh wow George Miller who is
going to direct that movie like a
numerous occasions right I would love to
see a George Miller yeah I mean I wonder
do you think DC is going to follow
through on the Justice League thing I
planted it and i miss i think if Marvel
keeps being as successful as they are i
think they have to yeah i'm yeah what
else could we can't do another Dark
Knight cuz they've you know they
basically said like it's gonna be a
trilogy and that's it and what else I'm
gonna do is man I mean they did pretty
well in the Harry Potter movies so yes
they know how did I know but I'm saying
is I'm in terms of studios like one of
us cuz look it's about dcs Tina's mom
you know and Disney and that's what it's
about it's really about Warner Bros and
Disney you're right right and then what
we really can bring to make and and they
know how to make movies I just think
that the I just think that the problem
is is that DC heroes besides Batman
really and Superman aren't as
interesting as Marvel characters like
what do you mean there's not Aquaman
what are you gonna do what are you gonna
do you can't use it the whole movie
underwater that's gonna bore you can you
can't wash up two hours uh-huh like what
a woman like they can't get the story
Wonder Woman right like it's the same
thing as with the movies Marvel has the
consistency of a bunch of really
interesting witty characters that they
created kind of in the same era when
Stanley was just like throwing gold out
right and then DC has Batman who is the
most interesting comic book character
but they have true him and that's
basically I mean Superman can be
interesting um not recent um but but
yeah it wanders like it can that one
huge thing Trump a bunch of really good
things you know what I mean I it should
be on I don't think they should in my
opinion I don't think they should try
yeah but it seems like it's just not
well you're just not just out there it's
just not their thing they don't have the
characters don't exist in the universe
really did every time we go what are you
talking about there's this guy and this
guy and this guy and I go I get that but
the problem is is that fan boys aren't
all the ones to go to the movies yeah if
you can't create interesting fun
characters that peak that everyone can I
ocean man hunter just like won't play
aramis's ant-man's gonna be tough dude
I'm just gonna say if they don't that
you're right
left with you know Captain America 12
and we've already moved into ant-man
yeah ant-man well we will see how a
character that the general public knows
I'm ad Francis Iron Man and Iron Man
it's not the most successful comic book
franchise in large part because the last
movie made the last year's loss to
movies made a billion oh yeah but uh
they people have heard of iron man they
need a name like that character existed
well below don't read comic books go
ant-man oh yeah but I ran some of the
property we get iron man something you
can merchandise so well with the mass
and the costumes and everything about
him believes into popular culture that
everyone can get like oh I got totally
get it that's a guy in this suit that he
built and he's a hero and he he's kind
of the indigent he's not he's an
antihero he's a guy who was a selfish
playboy you know who just didn't care
and now he's this the greatest superhero
you know individually like that's a
human in that universe you know and i
think that do like even guardians of
galaxies I was those who don't even know
what that is yeah and so you're like
that's I think that's gonna be even a
bigger leap than what DC does because no
one knows and those characters aren't
human but all gonna be CG yeah I'm
excited about that movie yeah when they
announced it like a huge temple movie of
a bunch of characters like I'm pretty
knowledgeable in terms of comic books
more than the average person and I had
to look it up right to see exactly who
was involved in like character was right
in the guardians of the galaxy where it
fits the universe and they want to tie
that into are we getting to the bottom
of the well I mean they just reboot huge
universe I see I'm not a fan of the
constant reboot it's like I kind of hate
that as much as I loved spider-man I
kind of hate that spider-man got
rebooted like what four or five years
after what's gonna happen to Beth in in
three years I mean it's just gonna I
mean the reboot time is good it's gonna
get to the point where when they're
shooting the third installment of the
last one their resurrected as I knew
whoever which I if people keep going I
mean amazing spider-man did really well
yeah I'm obviously
I really liked it I think DC has an
opportunity to open up some of their
maybe vertical labels or some of their
ya titles that aren't really Wonder
Woman flash shock I mean look at walking
dead right have a movie that is a great
TV show they turned it into a fantastic
xbox live arcade game and is one of the
one best game last like think about that
yeah an xbla game won best game over the
Halos yeah call of duties and the gears
of war like that's a you know that's a
great story and like that can that thing
can always keep getting told that swai I
think honestly the zombie genre will
live longer in television yeah then it
probably will also with it that's where
the stories are being told deliver wraps
up that way especially with zombies and
um and they are venturing into Jeph Loeb
is heading up Marvel television right
now they're gonna we have the operation
so she'll actually worked on agents into
you already I did I prepped that show
it's interesting so I'm excited for it
too here's the thing with shield though
with the show as long as they keep the
show in the universe that's been created
by the film's I'm okay with that but
that was kind of one of my issues with
iron man 3 as I felt like it really
didn't take place in a world that had
just been invaded by aliens I agree it
felt like it we had the relational panic
attack yeah the panic attack in like
they talked about it but didn't really
seem like it just felt like the world
should have been way different than what
it was after iron man 2 and and that
what i really hope that with Marvel
doing all of these movies that they're
really trying to keep in the same
universe that they keep that they need
like one big board that says okay what
has happened and how is this movie
affected by that you know so yeah I
there anything oh sorry so no I just
like to see comic books move into TV
when it allows more I think that they
were there was a long talks for them I
know this is stephen but it turned into
a graphic novel The Dark Tower they were
gonna do miniseries right y the last man
for really long time they were talking
about doing a mini seen out and he was
gonna be a film yeah I think of a story
like that could be an amazing
show ya if they were like again I think
like we said like you know I think the
better stories are being told on
television which is why you're seeing so
many actors exactly doing is helped
television we're in ways of like all we
may I TV I want to go do this on but now
it's like that's where you can really
create like I'm a huge fan but breaking
bad with Cranston and guys like that
interesting not that I'm a huge fan huge
fit again guys I have a big right now
everything that's been shot on me you
were mad at me i'm not a big i dealt in
it it's like well i also like to point
out um arrow on no i haven't seen an
episode i have caught glimpses here and
there I can't commit to see you should
say you love that say about that you but
from people who have watched the show
they say it's the best show on the
network like it's behind I think it's
because it has a really good source
material on it so you know i think
you're right i think you miss about what
that sauce thanks for a segway gets out
of the breaking bad date right I'm gonna
go this isn't a konica go going to agent
of shield I those cinematic sports that
are part of all the Marvel DVDs if it's
anything like those I feel like they
really utilize short stories within the
worlds of like the adventures like the
adventure short story was lizzy caplan
stealing a gun from one of the aliens
and robbing banks with it I thought that
was amazing I thought that really expand
the universe oh I didn't see that way
check it out I was like when did that
happen in the movie and then I realized
you were talking about the movie it's a
really awesome shore and I I don't know
if agents of shield will be in that vein
but it would be difficult to not have
Thor I think it'll be really fun that's
all I'm gonna say I think it's gonna be
a really fun show yeah it'll be a huge
thing I mean maybe a big head well you
said about vertigo um i would like to
see I mean if they're gonna keep digging
into this well of comic book characters
I'd like to see more adult stories but
yeah I feel like that's you know as the
industry kind of moves in that direction
and like the spread between lower budget
movies and higher budget movies gets
bigger I'd love to see some lower budget
kind of adult movies even I mean Todd
McFarlane talked about doing a spawn
that was like more lower budget i'm not
sure the world's really calling for that
right now but it would be interesting to
see like vertigo titles dark aura sidles
kind of image title there are two
stories and in
Rico universe that I would absolutely
del Toro has been talking about justice
league dark which would consist of like
swamp thing and commenting I would kill
the sea del Toro tackle Justice League
dark I would also kill out of the new DC
52 thing the only thing that I really
rubs I really like what Snyder's doing
Batman the only thing just completely
love is what Snyder did with Swamp Thing
and what they were doing with animal man
and creating that whole rot storyline if
they did like a David Cronenberg adult
like being too broad movie that would be
you don't do like a world yeah I the
father that's something how you like
those movies are still expensive I know
that's especially what's the market
shortly okay if I can't sell it to 12
year old boys that I can't sell it but
that's a things like right that's why
that's why they're all pg-13 is that you
know I think they also look at films you
know talking about other comic book
world like scott pilgrim which is so
fantastic don't love faster reveal great
and it was technically a flop okay so i
think a lot of other studios are like
all of its not marvel or DC it's really
hard to get Yellen that's true i hope
that you know maybe with the success of
like use of The Walking Dead and things
like that people start yeah if I had if
I had a time machine and I somehow could
take one movie and make it a box office
success in the past 10 years it would be
Scott absolutely that was the one movie
I mean wreck-it Ralph kind of brought
back the whole idea of the video game
however by right they should have been
Scott poker it's a great little bit
really is it yeah Marta is a bond so we
just talked about almost everything
comic book movie related we covered a
lot of ground here and we'd like to
thank Alison Haislip and David Coleman
for joining us there with nerd machine
who is launching their new channel we
will also be hanging out with them at
nerd HQ all throughout comic-con so keep
checking back and posting more and more
videos with discussions like this as
comic-con approaches until next time
thank you for watch
you